Pong-Out
========

Repository for the awesome, fantastical new craze, PONG-OUT!


The code is already set up as a VS2013 solution. I'll copy paste the instructions to get set up with VS from the Facebook group here:

Hey everybody! This post is mainly for the developers, but it also applies to others who want to learn a little more about programming.
I've finally got OpenGL working on my computer, so I thought I'd give you guys some instructions on how to get it working for you. The first thing to note is that if you're working under Windows, OpenGL is already on your computer so long as you have updated drivers. So, update your drivers. If you're not on windows, there are some extra steps you have to go through, so contact me and I'll try to help you out (or use Google to do it yourself). Second, (if on windows) download Visual Studio Express ( http://www.visualstudio.com/downloads/download-visual-studio-vs#d-express-windows-desktop ), as this was what I found easiest to set up (you can do it in Eclipse, Code::Blocks, or whatever other IDE you like, VS just gave me the least trouble). Then, follow the instructions on the first tutorial on opengl-tutorials.org (http://www.opengl-tutorial.org/beginners-tutorials/tutorial-1-opening-a-window). If you're planning on using the tutorials, you'll also need a program called CMake, which essentially just builds the tutorial code to conform to whatever compiler you're using.
For this first game, while everyone is still getting used to VS and OpenGL, I think we should stick with using GLFW for window context, simply because that's what the OpenGL tutorials use. In case you don't know, GLFW is essentially a wrapper for lower level system functions that allow you to open windows, parse input from different devices, etc. The tutorials include the GLWF and GLEW headers directly in the solution, which I think is the way to go, since that way all our dependencies are accounted for if we decide to go open source with this biatch. I'm going to be spending the next little while playing around with the tutorials, so if you have any questions let me know.
The other thing I want to mention is that everyone should go and make a GitHub account. I'll be making another post once everyone has gotten a little more into the coding side of things on how to use git, but before I do that I just want to make sure everyone has had a chance to get their account set up so I can add you as a contributor to my private repository.
Progress has been very slow (see 'non-existant') as of late, and I'd like to change that! As I said before, let me know if you have any questions / concerns!
